Our fate is over
Must get divorced
I'm afraid you'll regret it
Lin Mo, stop pestering
OK
I would like to invite you all to bear witness to me
Start today.
I Chen Shixian and Lin Mo
like a stranger
Ok, dear.
I declare that starting today
Linmer and I are officially divorced
Hmph, finally kicked this scum for my sister
From today
Lin's Group officially changed its name to Emgrand Group
Emgrand Group will re-invite the Ancient East
Participate in the board of directors
I believe
With the support of hundreds of billions of funds from the Shure Group
Emgrand Group
A broader commercial version
OK
It really is a human face and a beast heart
Even robbing things is so righteous
You gave it to me voluntarily